//
// Copyright (c) 1999, 2007, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
// Copyright 2008, 2009, 2010 Red Hat, Inc.
// DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS FILE HEADER.
//
// This code is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
// under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 only, as
// published by the Free Software Foundation.
//
// This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
// ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
// FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
// version 2 for more details (a copy is included in the LICENSE file that
// accompanied this code).
//
// You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License version
// 2 along with this work; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
// Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
//
// Please contact Oracle, 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 USA
// or visit www.oracle.com if you need additional information or have any
// questions.
//
//

// NOTE: DO NOT CHANGE THIS COPYRIGHT TO NEW STYLE - IT WILL BREAK makeDeps!

ciMethod.cpp                            ciTypeFlow.hpp
ciMethod.cpp                            methodOop.hpp

ciTypeFlow.cpp                          allocation.inline.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          bytecode.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          bytecodes.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          ciConstant.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          ciField.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          ciMethod.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          ciMethodData.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          ciObjArrayKlass.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          ciStreams.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          ciTypeArrayKlass.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          ciTypeFlow.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          compileLog.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          deoptimization.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          growableArray.hpp
ciTypeFlow.cpp                          shark_globals.hpp

ciTypeFlow.hpp                          ciEnv.hpp
ciTypeFlow.hpp                          ciKlass.hpp
ciTypeFlow.hpp                          ciMethodBlocks.hpp

cppInterpreter_<arch>.cpp               shark_globals.hpp

compileBroker.cpp                       sharkCompiler.hpp

disassembler.cpp                        sharkEntry.hpp

globals.hpp                             shark_globals_<arch>.hpp

globals.cpp                             shark_globals.hpp

llvmValue.hpp                           llvmHeaders.hpp
llvmValue.hpp                           sharkContext.hpp
llvmValue.hpp                           sharkType.hpp

nmethod.cpp                             sharkCompiler.hpp

sharedRuntime_<arch>.cpp                compileBroker.hpp
sharedRuntime_<arch>.cpp                sharkCompiler.hpp

shark_globals.cpp                       shark_globals.hpp

shark_globals.hpp                       shark_globals_<arch>.hpp
shark_globals.hpp                       globals.hpp

sharkBlock.cpp                          debug.hpp
sharkBlock.cpp                          bytecodes.hpp
sharkBlock.cpp                          llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkBlock.cpp                          llvmValue.hpp
sharkBlock.cpp                          shark_globals.hpp
sharkBlock.cpp                          sharkBlock.hpp
sharkBlock.cpp                          sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkBlock.cpp                          sharkConstant.hpp
sharkBlock.cpp                          sharkState.hpp
sharkBlock.cpp                          sharkValue.hpp

sharkBlock.hpp                          allocation.hpp
sharkBlock.hpp                          ciMethod.hpp
sharkBlock.hpp                          ciStreams.hpp
sharkBlock.hpp                          debug.hpp
sharkBlock.hpp                          llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkBlock.hpp                          sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkBlock.hpp                          sharkConstant.hpp
sharkBlock.hpp                          sharkInvariants.hpp
sharkBlock.hpp                          sharkState.hpp
sharkBlock.hpp                          sharkValue.hpp

sharkBuilder.cpp                        ciMethod.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        debug.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        llvmValue.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        methodOop.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        os.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        resourceArea.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        sharkContext.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        sharkRuntime.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        synchronizer.hpp
sharkBuilder.cpp                        thread.hpp

sharkBuilder.hpp                        barrierSet.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        cardTableModRefBS.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        ciType.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        debug.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        llvmValue.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        sizes.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        sharkCodeBuffer.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        sharkType.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        sharkValue.hpp
sharkBuilder.hpp                        sharkEntry.hpp

sharkCacheDecache.cpp                   ciMethod.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.cpp                   debugInfoRec.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.cpp                   llvmValue.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.cpp                   sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.cpp                   sharkCacheDecache.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.cpp                   sharkFunction.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.cpp                   sharkState.hpp

sharkCacheDecache.hpp                   ciMethod.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.hpp                   debugInfoRec.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.hpp                   sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.hpp                   sharkFunction.hpp
sharkCacheDecache.hpp                   sharkStateScanner.hpp

sharkCodeBuffer.hpp                     allocation.hpp
sharkCodeBuffer.hpp                     codeBuffer.hpp
sharkCodeBuffer.hpp                     llvmHeaders.hpp

sharkCompiler.cpp                       abstractCompiler.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       ciEnv.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       ciMethod.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       debug.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       debugInfoRec.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       dependencies.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       exceptionHandlerTable.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       oopMap.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       oopRecorder.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       shark_globals.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       sharkCodeBuffer.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       sharkCompiler.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       sharkContext.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       sharkEntry.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       sharkFunction.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       sharkMemoryManager.hpp
sharkCompiler.cpp                       sharkNativeWrapper.hpp

sharkCompiler.hpp                       abstractCompiler.hpp
sharkCompiler.hpp                       ciEnv.hpp
sharkCompiler.hpp                       ciMethod.hpp
sharkCompiler.hpp                       compileBroker.hpp
sharkCompiler.hpp                       llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkCompiler.hpp                       sharkMemoryManager.hpp

sharkContext.cpp                        arrayOop.hpp
sharkContext.cpp                        globalDefinitions.hpp
sharkContext.cpp                        llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkContext.cpp                        oop.hpp
sharkContext.cpp                        sharkContext.hpp

sharkContext.hpp                        llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkContext.hpp                        sharkCompiler.hpp

sharkConstant.cpp                       ciInstance.hpp
sharkConstant.cpp                       ciStreams.hpp
sharkConstant.cpp                       sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkConstant.cpp                       sharkConstant.hpp
sharkConstant.cpp                       sharkValue.hpp

sharkConstant.hpp                       allocation.hpp
sharkConstant.hpp                       ciStreams.hpp
sharkConstant.hpp                       sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkConstant.hpp                       sharkValue.hpp

sharkEntry.hpp                          llvmHeaders.hpp

sharkFunction.cpp                       allocation.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       ciTypeFlow.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       debug.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       llvmValue.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       shark_globals.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       sharkEntry.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       sharkFunction.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       sharkState.hpp
sharkFunction.cpp                       sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp

sharkFunction.hpp                       allocation.hpp
sharkFunction.hpp                       ciEnv.hpp
sharkFunction.hpp                       ciStreams.hpp
sharkFunction.hpp                       ciTypeFlow.hpp
sharkFunction.hpp                       llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkFunction.hpp                       llvmValue.hpp
sharkFunction.hpp                       sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkFunction.hpp                       sharkContext.hpp
sharkFunction.hpp                       sharkInvariants.hpp
sharkFunction.hpp                       sharkStack.hpp

sharkInliner.cpp                        allocation.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        bytecodes.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        ciField.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        ciMethod.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        ciStreams.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        shark_globals.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        sharkBlock.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        sharkConstant.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        sharkInliner.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        sharkIntrinsics.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        sharkState.hpp
sharkInliner.cpp                        sharkValue.hpp

sharkInliner.hpp                        allocation.hpp
sharkInliner.hpp                        ciMethod.hpp
sharkInliner.hpp                        llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkInliner.hpp                        sharkState.hpp

sharkIntrinsics.cpp                     ciMethod.hpp
sharkIntrinsics.cpp                     llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkIntrinsics.cpp                     shark_globals.hpp
sharkIntrinsics.cpp                     sharkIntrinsics.hpp
sharkIntrinsics.cpp                     sharkState.hpp
sharkIntrinsics.cpp                     sharkValue.hpp

sharkIntrinsics.hpp                     allocation.hpp
sharkIntrinsics.hpp                     ciMethod.hpp
sharkIntrinsics.hpp                     llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkIntrinsics.hpp                     sharkState.hpp

sharkInvariants.cpp                     sharkInvariants.hpp

sharkInvariants.hpp                     allocation.hpp
sharkInvariants.hpp                     ciEnv.hpp
sharkInvariants.hpp                     ciMethod.hpp
sharkInvariants.hpp                     ciInstanceKlass.hpp
sharkInvariants.hpp                     ciTypeFlow.hpp
sharkInvariants.hpp                     debugInfoRec.hpp
sharkInvariants.hpp                     dependencies.hpp
sharkInvariants.hpp                     llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkInvariants.hpp                     sharkBuilder.hpp

sharkMemoryManager.hpp                  llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkMemoryManager.hpp                  sharkEntry.hpp

sharkMemoryManager.cpp                  llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkMemoryManager.cpp                  sharkEntry.hpp
sharkMemoryManager.cpp                  sharkMemoryManager.hpp

sharkNativeWrapper.cpp                  llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkNativeWrapper.cpp                  sharkNativeWrapper.hpp
sharkNativeWrapper.cpp                  sharkType.hpp

sharkNativeWrapper.hpp                  handles.hpp
sharkNativeWrapper.hpp                  llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkNativeWrapper.hpp                  sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkNativeWrapper.hpp                  sharkContext.hpp
sharkNativeWrapper.hpp                  sharkInvariants.hpp
sharkNativeWrapper.hpp                  sharkStack.hpp

sharkRuntime.cpp                        biasedLocking.hpp
sharkRuntime.cpp                        deoptimization.hpp
sharkRuntime.cpp                        llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkRuntime.cpp                        klassOop.hpp
sharkRuntime.cpp                        sharkRuntime.hpp
sharkRuntime.cpp                        stack_<arch>.inline.hpp
sharkRuntime.cpp                        thread.hpp

sharkRuntime.hpp                        allocation.hpp
sharkRuntime.hpp                        llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkRuntime.hpp                        llvmValue.hpp
sharkRuntime.hpp                        klassOop.hpp
sharkRuntime.hpp                        thread.hpp

sharkStack.cpp                          llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkStack.cpp                          sharkFunction.hpp
sharkStack.cpp                          sharkNativeWrapper.hpp
sharkStack.cpp                          sharkStack.hpp
sharkStack.cpp                          sharkType.hpp

sharkStack.hpp                          llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkStack.hpp                          sharkInvariants.hpp
sharkStack.hpp                          sharkType.hpp

sharkState.cpp                          allocation.hpp
sharkState.cpp                          ciType.hpp
sharkState.cpp                          ciTypeFlow.hpp
sharkState.cpp                          sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkState.cpp                          sharkCacheDecache.hpp
sharkState.cpp                          sharkState.hpp
sharkState.cpp                          sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp
sharkState.cpp                          sharkType.hpp
sharkState.cpp                          sharkValue.hpp

sharkState.hpp                          allocation.hpp
sharkState.hpp                          ciMethod.hpp
sharkState.hpp                          llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkState.hpp                          sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkState.hpp                          sharkInvariants.hpp
sharkState.hpp                          sharkValue.hpp

sharkStateScanner.cpp                   sharkState.hpp
sharkStateScanner.cpp                   sharkStateScanner.hpp

sharkStateScanner.hpp                   allocation.hpp
sharkStateScanner.hpp                   llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkStateScanner.hpp                   sharkFunction.hpp
sharkStateScanner.hpp                   sharkInvariants.hpp

sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  allocation.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  bytecodes.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  ciField.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  ciInstance.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  ciObjArrayKlass.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  ciStreams.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  ciType.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  ciTypeFlow.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  debug.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  deoptimization.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  llvmValue.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  shark_globals.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  sharkCacheDecache.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  sharkConstant.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  sharkInliner.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  sharkState.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.cpp                  sharkValue.hpp

sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  allocation.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  bytecodes.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  ciStreams.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  ciType.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  ciTypeFlow.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  sharkBlock.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  sharkFunction.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  sharkState.hpp
sharkTopLevelBlock.hpp                  sharkValue.hpp

sharkType.hpp                           allocation.hpp
sharkType.hpp                           ciType.hpp
sharkType.hpp                           globalDefinitions.hpp
sharkType.hpp                           llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkType.hpp                           sharkContext.hpp

sharkValue.cpp                          ciType.hpp
sharkValue.cpp                          llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkValue.cpp                          llvmValue.hpp
sharkValue.cpp                          sharkBuilder.hpp
sharkValue.cpp                          sharkValue.hpp

sharkValue.hpp                          allocation.hpp
sharkValue.hpp                          ciType.hpp
sharkValue.hpp                          llvmHeaders.hpp
sharkValue.hpp                          llvmValue.hpp
sharkValue.hpp                          sharkType.hpp
