# The format of this file is described in the documentation for my.py.

suite=graal

library@JDK_TOOLS@path=${JAVA_HOME}/lib/tools.jar
library@JDK_TOOLS@optional=true

library@JUNIT@path=lib/junit-4.8.jar
library@JUNIT@urls=http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/junit/junit/4.8/junit-4.8.jar
library@JUNIT@eclipse.container=org.eclipse.jdt.junit.JUNIT_CONTAINER/4

library@CHECKSTYLE@path=lib/checkstyle-5.5-all.jar
library@CHECKSTYLE@urls=jar:http://sourceforge.net/projects/checkstyle/files/checkstyle/5.5/checkstyle-5.5-bin.zip/download!/checkstyle-5.5/checkstyle-5.5-all.jar

library@DACAPO@path=lib/dacapo-9.12-bach.jar
library@DACAPO@urls=http://softlayer.dl.sourceforge.net/project/dacapobench/9.12-bach/dacapo-9.12-bach.jar

library@JACOCOAGENT@path=lib/jacocoagent.jar
library@JACOCOAGENT@urls=http://lafo.ssw.uni-linz.ac.at/jacoco/jacocoagent.jar

library@JACOCOREPORT@path=lib/jacocoreport.jar
library@JACOCOREPORT@urls=http://lafo.ssw.uni-linz.ac.at/jacoco/jacocoreport.jar

library@DACAPO_SCALA@path=lib/dacapo-scala-0.1.0-20120216.jar
library@DACAPO_SCALA@urls=http://repo.scalabench.org/snapshots/org/scalabench/benchmarks/scala-benchmark-suite/0.1.0-SNAPSHOT/scala-benchmark-suite-0.1.0-20120216.103539-3.jar

library@OKRA@path=lib/okra-1.2.jar
library@OKRA@urls=http://cr.openjdk.java.net/~tdeneau/okra-1.2.jar

distribution@GRAAL@path=graal.jar
distribution@GRAAL@dependencies=\
com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64,\
com.oracle.graal.hotspot.ptx,\
com.oracle.graal.truffle,\
com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot.amd64,\
com.oracle.graal.hotspot.sparc,\
com.oracle.graal.hotspot,\
com.oracle.graal.hotspot.hsail

# graal.api.runtime
project@com.oracle.graal.api.runtime@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.api.runtime@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.api.runtime@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.api.runtime@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.api.runtime@workingSets=API,Graal

# graal.api.test
project@com.oracle.graal.api.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.api.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.api.test@dependencies=JUNIT,com.oracle.graal.api.runtime
project@com.oracle.graal.api.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.api.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.api.test@workingSets=API,Graal,Test

# graal.api.meta
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta@workingSets=API,Graal

# graal.api.meta.test
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.test@dependencies=JUNIT,com.oracle.graal.runtime,com.oracle.graal.java
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.test@workingSets=API,Graal,Test

# graal.api.meta.jdk8.test
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.jdk8.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.jdk8.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.jdk8.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.meta.test
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.jdk8.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.jdk8.test@javaCompliance=1.8
project@com.oracle.graal.api.meta.jdk8.test@workingSets=API,Graal,Test

# graal.api.code
project@com.oracle.graal.api.code@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.api.code@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.api.code@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.meta
project@com.oracle.graal.api.code@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.api.code@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.api.code@workingSets=API,Graal

# graal.api.replacements
project@com.oracle.graal.api.replacements@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.api.replacements@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.api.replacements@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.meta
project@com.oracle.graal.api.replacements@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.api.replacements@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.api.replacements@workingSets=API,Graal,Replacements

# graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.service.processor@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.service.processor@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.service.processor@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.runtime
project@com.oracle.graal.service.processor@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.service.processor@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.service.processor@workingSets=Codegen,HotSpot

# graal.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.amd64@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.amd64@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.amd64@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.code
project@com.oracle.graal.amd64@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.amd64@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.amd64@workingSets=Graal,AMD64

# graal.ptx
project@com.oracle.graal.ptx@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.ptx@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.ptx@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.code
project@com.oracle.graal.ptx@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.ptx@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.ptx@workingSets=Graal,PTX

# graal.sparc
project@com.oracle.graal.sparc@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.sparc@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.sparc@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.code
project@com.oracle.graal.sparc@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.sparc@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.sparc@workingSets=Graal,SPARC

# graal.hotspot
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.replacements,com.oracle.graal.runtime,com.oracle.graal.printer
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.graal.replacements.verifier,com.oracle.graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot@workingSets=Graal,HotSpot

# graal.hotspot.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.hotspot,com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64,com.oracle.graal.replacements.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64@workingSets=Graal,HotSpot,AMD64

# graal.hotspot.sparc
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.sparc@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.sparc@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.sparc@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.sparc@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.sparc@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.sparc@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.sparc@workingSets=Graal,HotSpot,SPARC

# graal.hotspot.ptx
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.ptx@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.ptx@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.ptx@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.ptx,com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.ptx@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.ptx@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.ptx@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.ptx@workingSets=Graal,HotSpot,PTX

# graal.hotspot.hsail
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.hsail@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.hsail@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.hsail@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail,com.oracle.graal.hotspot
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.hsail@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.hsail@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.hsail@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.hsail@workingSets=Graal,HotSpot,PTX

# graal.hotspot.server
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.server@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.server@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.server@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.hotspot
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.server@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.server@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.server@workingSets=Graal,HotSpot

# graal.hotspot.test
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.replacements.test,com.oracle.graal.hotspot
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.test@workingSets=Graal,HotSpot,Test

# graal.hotspot.jdk8.test
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.jdk8.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.jdk8.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.jdk8.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.jdk8.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.jdk8.test@javaCompliance=1.8
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.jdk8.test@workingSets=Graal,HotSpot,Test

# graal.hotspot.amd64.test
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64,com.oracle.graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64.test@workingSets=Graal,HotSpot,AMD64,Test

# graal.options
project@com.oracle.graal.options@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.options@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.options@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.options@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.options@annotationProcessorForDependents=true
project@com.oracle.graal.options@workingSets=Graal,Codegen

# graal.options.test
project@com.oracle.graal.options.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.options.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.options.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.options,JUNIT
project@com.oracle.graal.options.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.options.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.options.test@workingSets=Graal

# graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.graph@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.graph@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.graph@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.debug,com.oracle.graal.api.code
project@com.oracle.graal.graph@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.graph@workingSets=Graal,Graph

# graal.graph.test
project@com.oracle.graal.graph.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.graph.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.graph.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.graph.test@dependencies=JUNIT,com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.graph.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.graph.test@workingSets=Graal,Graph,Test

# graal.debug
project@com.oracle.graal.debug@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.debug@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.debug@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.debug@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.debug@workingSets=Graal,Debug

# graal.debug.test
project@com.oracle.graal.debug.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.debug.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.debug.test@dependencies=JUNIT,com.oracle.graal.debug
project@com.oracle.graal.debug.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.debug.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.debug.test@workingSets=Graal,Debug,Test

# graal.lir
project@com.oracle.graal.lir@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.lir@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.lir@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.asm,com.oracle.graal.nodes
project@com.oracle.graal.lir@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.lir@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.lir@workingSets=Graal,LIR

# graal.lir.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.amd64@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.amd64@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.amd64@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.lir,com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.amd64@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.amd64@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.amd64@workingSets=Graal,LIR,AMD64

# graal.lir.ptx
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.ptx@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.ptx@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.ptx@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.asm.ptx
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.ptx@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.ptx@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.ptx@workingSets=Graal,LIR,PTX

# graal.lir.sparc
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.sparc@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.sparc@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.sparc@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.asm.sparc
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.sparc@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.sparc@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.sparc@workingSets=Graal,LIR,SPARC

# graal.alloc
project@com.oracle.graal.alloc@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.alloc@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.alloc@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.nodes
project@com.oracle.graal.alloc@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.alloc@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.alloc@workingSets=Graal

# graal.word
project@com.oracle.graal.word@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.word@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.word@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.phases
project@com.oracle.graal.word@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.word@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.word@workingSets=API,Graal

# graal.replacements
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler,com.oracle.graal.java,com.oracle.graal.word
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.graal.replacements.verifier,com.oracle.graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements@workingSets=Graal,Replacements

# graal.replacements.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.amd64@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.amd64@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.amd64@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.replacements
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.amd64@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.amd64@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.amd64@workingSets=Graal,Replacements,AMD64

# graal.replacements.test
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler.test,com.oracle.graal.replacements
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.test@workingSets=Graal,Replacements,Test

# graal.replacements.verifier
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.verifier@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.verifier@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.verifier@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.replacements
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.verifier@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.verifier@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.replacements.verifier@workingSets=Graal,Replacements

# graal.nodes
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.graph,com.oracle.graal.api.replacements
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes@workingSets=Graal,Graph

# graal.nodes.test
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.nodes.test@workingSets=Graal,Graph

# graal.phases
project@com.oracle.graal.phases@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.phases@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.phases@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.nodes,com.oracle.graal.options
project@com.oracle.graal.phases@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.phases@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.phases@workingSets=Graal,Phases

# graal.phases.common
project@com.oracle.graal.phases.common@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.phases.common@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.phases.common@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.phases
project@com.oracle.graal.phases.common@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.phases.common@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.phases.common@workingSets=Graal,Phases

# graal.virtual
project@com.oracle.graal.virtual@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.virtual@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.virtual@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.phases.common
project@com.oracle.graal.virtual@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.virtual@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.virtual@workingSets=Graal,Phases

# graal.loop
project@com.oracle.graal.loop@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.loop@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.loop@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.phases.common
project@com.oracle.graal.loop@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.loop@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.loop@workingSets=Graal,Phases

# graal.compiler
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.runtime,com.oracle.graal.virtual,com.oracle.graal.loop,com.oracle.graal.alloc,com.oracle.graal.lir
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler@workingSets=Graal

# graal.compiler.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler,com.oracle.graal.lir.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64@workingSets=Graal,AMD64

# graal.compiler.amd64.test
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.amd64.test@workingSets=Graal,AMD64,Test

# graal.compiler.ptx
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.lir.ptx,com.oracle.graal.compiler
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx@workingSets=Graal,PTX

# graal.compiler.ptx.test
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.hotspot.ptx,com.oracle.graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.ptx.test@workingSets=Graal,PTX,Test

# graal.compiler.sparc
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.lir.sparc
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc@workingSets=Graal,SPARC

# graal.compiler.sparc.test
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.sparc.test@workingSets=Graal,SPARC,Test

# graal.runtime
project@com.oracle.graal.runtime@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.runtime@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.runtime@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler
project@com.oracle.graal.runtime@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.runtime@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.runtime@workingSets=Graal

# graal.bytecode
project@com.oracle.graal.bytecode@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.bytecode@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.bytecode@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.bytecode@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.bytecode@workingSets=Graal,Java

# graal.java
project@com.oracle.graal.java@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.java@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.java@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.phases,com.oracle.graal.bytecode
project@com.oracle.graal.java@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.java@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.java@workingSets=Graal,Java

# graal.java.decompiler
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.java
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler@workingSets=Graal

# graal.java.decompiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.printer,com.oracle.graal.runtime
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler.test@workingSets=Graal,Test

# graal.printer
project@com.oracle.graal.printer@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.printer@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.printer@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.java.decompiler,com.oracle.graal.compiler
project@com.oracle.graal.printer@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.printer@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.printer@workingSets=Graal,Graph

# graal.test
project@com.oracle.graal.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.test@dependencies=JUNIT
project@com.oracle.graal.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.test@workingSets=Graal,Test

# graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.test,com.oracle.graal.printer,com.oracle.graal.runtime
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.test@workingSets=Graal,Test

# graal.jtt
project@com.oracle.graal.jtt@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.jtt@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.jtt@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.jtt@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.jtt@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.jtt@workingSets=Graal,Test

# graal.asm
project@com.oracle.graal.asm@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.asm@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.asm@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.api.code
project@com.oracle.graal.asm@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.asm@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.asm@workingSets=Graal,Assembler

# graal.asm.test
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.test,com.oracle.graal.runtime
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.test@workingSets=Graal,Assembler,Test

# graal.asm.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.asm,com.oracle.graal.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64@workingSets=Graal,Assembler,AMD64

# graal.asm.amd64.test
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.asm.test,com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.amd64.test@workingSets=Graal,Assembler,AMD64,Test

# graal.hsail
project@com.oracle.graal.hsail@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.hsail@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.hsail@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hsail@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.hsail@javaCompliance=1.7

# graal.lir.hsail
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.hsail@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.hsail@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.hsail@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.lir,com.oracle.graal.asm.hsail
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.hsail@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.lir.hsail@javaCompliance=1.7

# graal.compiler.hsail
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler,com.oracle.graal.lir.hsail
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail@javaCompliance=1.7

# graal.compiler.hsail.test.infra - HSAIL compiler test infrastructure
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test.infra@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test.infra@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test.infra@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.hotspot.hsail,JUNIT
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test.infra@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test.infra@javaCompliance=1.7

# graal.compiler.hsail.test
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test.infra,com.oracle.graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.compiler.hsail.test@javaCompliance=1.7


# graal.asm.hsail
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.hsail@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.hsail@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.hsail@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.hsail,OKRA,com.oracle.graal.asm
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.hsail@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.hsail@javaCompliance=1.7

# graal.asm.ptx
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.ptx@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.ptx@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.ptx@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.lir
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.ptx@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.ptx@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.ptx@workingSets=Graal,Assembler,PTX

# graal.asm.sparc
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.sparc@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.sparc@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.sparc@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.hotspot,com.oracle.graal.sparc
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.sparc@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.sparc@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.asm.sparc@workingSets=Graal,Assembler,SPARC

# truffle.api
project@com.oracle.truffle.api@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.truffle.api@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.truffle.api@dependencies=
project@com.oracle.truffle.api@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.truffle.api@workingSets=API,Truffle

# truffle.api.test
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.test@dependencies=com.oracle.truffle.api,JUNIT
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.test@workingSets=API,Truffle,Test

# truffle.api.dsl
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl@dependencies=com.oracle.truffle.api
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl@checkstyle=com.oracle.truffle.api
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl@workingSets=API,Truffle,Codegen

# truffle.api.dsl.test
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test@dependencies=com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl,JUNIT
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.truffle.dsl.processor
project@com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test@workingSets=API,Truffle,Codegen,Test

# truffle.dsl.processor
project@com.oracle.truffle.dsl.processor@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.truffle.dsl.processor@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.truffle.dsl.processor@dependencies=com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl
project@com.oracle.truffle.dsl.processor@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.truffle.dsl.processor@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.truffle.dsl.processor@workingSets=Truffle,Codegen

# truffle.sl
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl@dependencies=com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.truffle.dsl.processor
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl@workingSets=Truffle,SimpleLanguage

# truffle.sl.test
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl.test@dependencies=com.oracle.truffle.sl,JUNIT
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.truffle.sl.test@workingSets=Truffle,SimpleLanguage,Test

# graal.truffle
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle@dependencies=com.oracle.truffle.api,com.oracle.graal.replacements,com.oracle.graal.runtime,com.oracle.graal.printer
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle@workingSets=Graal,Truffle

# graal.truffle.test
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.test@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.test@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.test@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.truffle,com.oracle.graal.compiler.test
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.test@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.test@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.test@workingSets=Graal,Truffle,Test

# graal.truffle.hotspot
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.truffle,com.oracle.graal.hotspot
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot@workingSets=Graal,Truffle

# graal.truffle.hotspot.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot.amd64@subDir=graal
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot.amd64@sourceDirs=src
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot.amd64@dependencies=com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot,com.oracle.graal.hotspot.amd64
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot.amd64@checkstyle=com.oracle.graal.graph
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot.amd64@javaCompliance=1.7
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot.amd64@annotationProcessors=com.oracle.graal.service.processor
project@com.oracle.graal.truffle.hotspot.amd64@workingSets=Graal,Truffle
